You're right.
These locusts do like the wilderness after the river ebbs
birthday
But these non-knowledgeable people can't possibly know
How do you know that?
This is all recorded in that ancient book
The minister read a lot of ancient books
It's absolutely true.
Please also ask Your Majesty to quickly prevent disasters
Since this law is proposed by you
Then it's up to you to go to Guanzhong to suppress disasters?
Split Love Story Chen Naiyi Sword Strategist
not be omitted
This is the responsibility of leading 50,000 chickens and ducks
I'm afraid not even
Who do you think is suitable?
The person who watched the disaster
When he is a military general with great achievements
Ge Yang, where are you going first?
My old general is capable and martial
And the expression in the speech is to yellow worms
Extremely knowledgeable about habits
The best candidate at the time
I believe
General Wang will be able to represent 50,000 chicken soldiers and duck generals
Return of the Great Sage
His Majesty is the grandson of the Duke of the Kingdom
That makes sense.
These chickens and ducks are like soldiers
This is about the yellow disaster
I also don't believe in other people's decrees
Immediately seal the King Zhong of the Great General Bolu
For the chicken and duck general
Emergency dispatch of chickens and ducks in Chang'an
Quickly dispatched to Guanzhong Town Disaster
Hey your majesty uprising today
Yan Yushi
Speak up
Lord Gao said that this method is good
However, the people of Pingsuri
For locusts, it is a great disaster for heaven
Think it's all providence
There are many people who dare not go against the sky
So even the emperor came to give you fertile land
They would kneel down and beg Huang Chong to leave quickly
How can this be done?
So exterminate the emperor
The man is not at the throne
It's the heart.
If people are not united
Make all the solutions minimal.
Your Majesty, what Lord Yan said is reasonable
History books everywhere
Emperor is a natural disaster
beyond human ability
It is said that the common people
Even local officials believe that the emperor is the Tianfa
It's not man-made.
That's why.
One of the reasons for the serious disasters over the years?
Lamb on this
You have the law, your majesty
Of course there is a way
Haha, forget it, forget it.
Let's not talk about it
This extinction effect is almost
Gao Yang is about the lives of millions of people in China
You have a way to say it directly
Why hide it?
His Majesty's Household Office staff and foreign men have countermeasures and do not say
It is the sin of deceiving the king
When heavily punished
Your Majesty, this is what you asked Chen to say
Then Chen Ke said
Please atone for your sins